Family Master Liu, what do you mean?
Liu Changhai, do you want to be inside?
We join forces in Kyushu
What are you afraid of?
That's right, Tianzong Ancestor has divorced the marriage and returned to the tripod.
It was all forced by the two subjects
Your Lanzhou is closed
I implore my ancestors to take back the curse
Return my royal delivery to the sealed border city
Motor Festival Yangzhou Sun Family Listens to Remnant Words
May the Lord have a hangover
Now know to be afraid
It's too late, you can play house
Heaven Bless Kyushu
Anping, Jiuding Town
It's all your own way to kill yourself
Push yourself to the point of no return
Did you see that?
It's no use begging him
That is.
So far, we only have nine clans united
I can't believe he's alone
How can you help us nine clans?
That's right, don't be picked by him
The heritage of our nine clans for so many years
It can't be destroyed by a natural disaster
Yang Fan, let me ask
Can you pay me back and wait for July to recover? I understand, no.
Okay, that's what you said.
Since you're going to drive us to death
I, the Liu family of the Western Zhou Dynasty, swear to perish with you
You dare to disrespect your ancestors again
Destroy your whole clan
Hahaha, he made up for us to live first.
Then don't blame us for being ruthless
Do not eat soft
Then don't blame us for being tough